feat(docs): Macros explainer (#7172)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/docs/reference/smart_contract_reference/macros.md

---
title: Aztec macros
sidebar_position: 6
---

## All Aztec macros

In addition to the function macros in Noir, Aztec also has its own macros for specific functions. An Aztec contract function can be annotated with more than 1 macro.
It is also worth mentioning Noir's `unconstrained` function type [here](https://noir-lang.org/docs/noir/concepts/unconstrained/).

> - `#[aztec(public)]` or `#[aztec(private)]` - Whether the function is public or private (more in next section)

Reviewer: Deleted doc split into inner workings and this reference, so is no longer "next section".

```suggestion
- `#[aztec(public)]` or `#[aztec(private)]` - Whether the function is to be executed from a public or private context (see Further Reading)
```
